README.MD, before:

# Overview

I have a very specific need, and I decided to share this with other who may find themselves in a similar situation
1. I have a large library, and with cross-seedable torrents. However, much of this library does not have proper torrents from private trackers currently
2. I also have multiple versions of some TV shows or movies. From multiple arr clients, a single arr client may grab multiple versions of a TV show/Movie

This script will scan your history, and utilize the data from that to match to current release via prowlarr.
The benefit to this is that it allows for all releases to be cross-seed. Even if the file has been replaced, and upgraded in sonarr/radarr

This is fairly easy to do with radarr as at most you only have to match one or two entries to have some confirmation that a user downloaded, and then was able to import a release into their library. 

Sonarr is a bit more of a challenge, as each episode is a different release. However, it is very helpful if you get a full season pack. As their is a lot less work to do in confirm you have the complete season. In the case of individual episodes crossarr will combine entries based on attribute. IT will then sum of the size of the release, along with compare the count of episodes to verify if a full season has been downloaded

I would recommend having Sonarr download full season only
    You could add this regex to must not contain to block 99 percent of all single episodes
    -> E[0-9][0-9]+

# How to Install/Get Started 
Instructions are provided for Linux and Windows
Older verison of python may work. but have not been tested
## Linux: 
### Required
  * python 3.9
### Install
* python3.9 -m pip install --user virtualenv
* python3.9 -m venv env
* source env/bin/activate
* which python -> should be the virtualenv
* pip3 install -r requirements.txt
* deactivate -> Do this after installing the requirements

## Windows
### Required
  * python3.9
### Install
* py -3.9 -m pip install --user virtualenv
* py -3.9 -m venv env
* .\env\Scripts\activate
* which python -> should be the virtualenv
* py -m pip install -r requirements.txt
* deactivate -> Do this after installing the requirements

## General virtualenv Guide


General Guide: https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/


# Usage
## Activating Virtual Env
### Windows
* source env/bin/activate
### Linux
* .\env\Scripts\activate


 crossarr [options] sonarr [-h] [-a API] [-u URL] [-f FOLDER]
 
 or 
 
 crossarr [options] radarr [-h] [-a API] [-u URL] [-f FOLDER]



```
options
   -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
  -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                        Path to a configuration file.
  --print_config [={comments,skip_null,skip_default}+]
                        Print the configuration after applying all other arguments and exit.
  -t THRESHOLD, --threshold THRESHOLD
                        The max size difference \% a match can hae (type: int, default: 1)
  -d DAYS, --days DAYS  Max Age of a release in days (type: int, default: 99999999999999999999)
  -a PROWLARRAPI, --prowlarrapi PROWLARRAPI
                        Prowlar API key (default: null)
  -p PROWLARRURL, --prowlarrurl PROWLARRURL
                        Prowlar URL (default: null)
  -f {grabbed,imported}, --flag {grabbed,imported}
                        grabbed= Releases grabbed and added to any client imported= Releases completed, and imported into library (default: imported)
  -i INDEXERS [INDEXERS ...], --indexers INDEXERS [INDEXERS ...]
                        Names of Indexer Uses Regex to Match Names (default: null)
                        
  ```


## Example Usage
crossarr -c aconfig radarr -u url -api a key

Take note of the order of the option it is important because of the subcommand


# Future Updates
Support imported episodes
Get size information from local files; I move my files to another drive, which sonarr is not aware of. However other user may have the file at the original location from sonarr.

Commit message:

add logging fix raddarr message table add download errors fix 50/50 invalid path bug

README.MD, after:

# Overview

I have a very specific need, and I decided to share this with other who may find themselves in a similar situation
1. I have a large library, and with cross-seedable torrents. However, much of this library does not have proper torrents from private trackers currently
2. I also have multiple versions of some TV shows or movies. From multiple arr clients, a single arr client may grab multiple versions of a TV show/Movie

This script will scan your history, and utilize the data from that to match to current release via prowlarr.
The benefit to this is that it allows for all releases to be cross-seed. Even if the file has been replaced, and upgraded in sonarr/radarr

This is fairly easy to do with radarr as at most you only have to match one or two entries to have some confirmation that a user downloaded, and then was able to import a release into their library. 

Sonarr is a bit more of a challenge, as each episode is a different release. However, it is very helpful if you get a full season pack. As their is a lot less work to do in confirm you have the complete season. In the case of individual episodes crossarr will combine entries based on attribute. IT will then sum of the size of the release, along with compare the count of episodes to verify if a full season has been downloaded

I would recommend having Sonarr download full season only
    You could add this regex to must not contain to block 99 percent of all single episodes
    -> E[0-9][0-9]+

# How to Install/Get Started 
Instructions are provided for Linux and Windows
Older verison of python may work. but have not been tested
## Linux: 
### Required
  * python 3.9
### Install
* python3.9 -m pip install --user virtualenv
* python3.9 -m venv env
* source env/bin/activate
* which python -> should be the virtualenv
* pip3 install -r requirements.txt
* deactivate -> Do this after installing the requirements

## Windows
### Required
  * python3.9
### Install
* py -3.9 -m pip install --user virtualenv
* py -3.9 -m venv env
* .\env\Scripts\activate
* which python -> should be the virtualenv
* py -m pip install -r requirements.txt
* deactivate -> Do this after installing the requirements

## General virtualenv Guide


General Guide: https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/


# Usage
## Activating Virtual Env
### Windows
* source env/bin/activate
### Linux
* .\env\Scripts\activate


 crossarr [options] sonarr [-h] [-a API] [-u URL] [-f FOLDER]
 
 or 
 
 crossarr [options] radarr [-h] [-a API] [-u URL] [-f FOLDER]



```
options
   -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
  -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                        Path to a configuration file.
  --print_config [={comments,skip_null,skip_default}+]
                        Print the configuration after applying all other arguments and exit.
  -l LOG, --log LOG     Where to save log file (default:
                        /path/to/pythonfile/example.log)
  -v {Debug,DEBUG,debug,INFO,info,Info,off,OFF,Off}, --loglevel {Debug,DEBUG,debug,INFO,info,Info,off,OFF,Off}
                      what level to set log to flexible case-senstivity main options are [DEBUG,INFO,OFF]
                      (default: info)
  -r ROWS, --rows ROWS  Advanced Feature to set how many table rows to render
                        for Messages (default: 5)

  -t THRESHOLD, --threshold THRESHOLD
                        The max size difference \% a match can hae (type: int, default: 1)
  -d DAYS, --days DAYS  Max Age of a release in days (type: int, default: 99999999999999999999)
  -a PROWLARRAPI, --prowlarrapi PROWLARRAPI
                        Prowlar API key (default: null)
  -p PROWLARRURL, --prowlarrurl PROWLARRURL
                        Prowlar URL (default: null)
  -f {grabbed,imported}, --flag {grabbed,imported}
                        grabbed= Releases grabbed and added to any client imported= Releases completed, and imported into library (default: imported)
  -i INDEXERS [INDEXERS ...], --indexers INDEXERS [INDEXERS ...]
                        Names of Indexer Uses Regex to Match Names (default: null)
                        
  ```


## Example Usage
crossarr -c aconfig radarr -u url -api a key

Take note of the order of the option it is important because of the subcommand


# Future Updates
Support imported episodes
Get size information from local files; I move my files to another drive, which sonarr is not aware of. However other user may have the file at the original location from sonarr.
